ramips_openwrt/README.md, before:

OpenWRT Flash Images for HT-TM02
================================

These images are a fairly "basic" RT5350 configuration but include luci and USB
storage and USB-serial support. I've included everything here in case you wish
to experiment however the two images of primary interest are:


openwrt-ramips-rt305x-ht-tm02-squashfs-sysupgrade.bin

This is the standard OpenWRT image to be used by LUCI or the sysupgrade utility
or to be programmed into the "Firmware" parition of the SDI flash device

fw-OpenWRT-HooToo-TM02-2.000.018

This is the "factory" upgrade image to be used by the factory HooToo software to
do the initial upgrade to OpenWRT.It is based on the same binary image as the
normal OpenWRT sysupgrade image but has been re-packaged with a loader, CRC,
etc. such that the factory HooToo software will accept it. The factory HooToo
software is filename sensitive and will reject the file if it's too different
from what it expects. If the TM02 rejects this name try changing it to 
"fw-WiFiPort-HooToo-TM02-2.000.018"

Commit message:

Added latest trunk revisions, packages,  and removed useless files. Updated readme's

ramips_openwrt/README.md, after:

OpenWRT Flash Images for HT-TM02
================================

- openwrt-ramips-rt305x-ht-tm02-squashfs-factory-r42649.bin
This is the original "factory" image I released and have described in previous instructions.
It includes:

	wpad-mini \
        kmod-ledtrig-netdev kmod-ledtrig-timer kmod-leds-gpio kmod-ledtrig-default-on \
        kmod-usb-core kmod-usb-ohci kmod-usb2 kmod-usb-net usbutils \
        kmod-scsi-core kmod-scsi-generic kmod-fs-ext4 \
        kmod-usb-storage kmod-usb-storage-extras block-mount \
        kmod-usb-serial kmod-usb-serial-ftdi kmod-gpio-button-hotplug \
        kmod-nls-cp437 kmod-nls-iso8859-1 kmod-nls-utf8 luci luci-mod-admin-full \
        kmod-app-samba luci-theme-openwrt luci-proto-relay relayd nano \
        fstools 

It has Luci, USB storage, Samba,  USB-serial support and some others to make a fairly
complete system for experimentation. This is a "factory" image meaning you must use it
with the original HooToo firmware. It will remove the HooToo firmware and replace it
with OpenWRT revision 42649. 

- openwrt-ramips-rt305x-ht-tm02-squashfs-factory-r44945-ws.bin
This is the same as above except with the latest (as of this writing 03-23-2015)
OpenWRT trunk revision software.

- openwrt-ramips-rt305x-ht-tm02-squashfs-factory-r44945-basic.bin
This is a basic image based the latest (as of this writing 03-23-2015)
OpenWRT trunk revision software with no additional packages for those who want to
start from scratch.

- packages-r44945
This is the complete set of packages for this revision. Download these for future use.

Please check instructions for how to use these here:
https://forum.openwrt.org/viewtopic.php?pid=248596#p248596
